[Code] Add doc for 7.3 (#42392)
elastic/kibana: docs/code/code-install-lang-server.asciidoc

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/code-lang-server-status.png[]

[float]
=== Ctag language server

> *Code* also uses a Ctag language server to generate symbol information and code intelligence when a dedicated language server is not available. The code intelligence information generated by Ctag language server will be less accurate but cover more languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Code* also uses a Ctag language server to generate symbol information and code intelligence when a dedicated language server is not available. The code intelligence information generated by the Ctag language server is less accurate, but covers more languages.
```
